Docs: Added warning for nifty wallet discontinuation (#828)
rsksmart/devportal: guides/quickstart/browser.md

> Note that these browser extensions store your private keys,
> and use them to sign transactions. So keep them secure.

> There are currently three well known browser extensions that you can use to interact with the RSK blockchain: MetaMask, and [Liquality](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/liquality-wallet/kpfopkelmapcoipemfendmdcghnegimn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two well known browser extensions that you can use to interact with the RSK blockchain: [MetaMask](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn), and [Liquality](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/liquality-wallet/kpfopkelmapcoipemfendmdcghnegimn).
```
